Add enableNumericTypeConversion() (#55)
IBM/nodejs-idb-pconnector: docs/README.md

**Returns**: `Promise` when resolved returns `String` or the promise is rejected.

> ## **Statement.asNumber(flag)**

Reviewer: This function name is confusing to me as it would seem to imply you're trying to convert the statement object to a number. I suggest using a more descriptive name.

Reviewer 2: @kadler , the function name keeps align with idb-connector and some customers have already started to use it. I suggest to keep it, or change it only in idb-pconnector.

Reviewer: Right, I am not proposing changing idb-connector, but there are sufficient differences that I think using a different name in idb-pconnector is fine.

Author: >  I think using a different name in idb-pconnector is fine.

Yeah this should be fine.

As for a more descriptive name. how about `.returnNumericsAsNumber` ?

Reviewer: What about `enableNumericTypeConversion`?

Author: I will update the PR with the name change.

Enables or disables automatic numeric conversion.

**Parameters**:

- **flag:** `boolean` to turn automatic data conversion mode on or off. Default value is `false`.

>     - `true`: The result data is returned as its original type. Due to the data type difference between SQL and Javascript, the data may be truncated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `true`: SQL numeric types (`INTEGER`, `DOUBLE`, `DECIMAL`, `DECFLOAT`, etc) are converted to Javascript `Number` objects instead of strings. Due to the data type limitations of Javascript `Number`s, precision may be lost. If the SQL value is outside the bounds of what a `Number` can represent, it will be returned as a string instead.
```

I'm not sure if that's how you're supposed to refer to Javascript Numbers in JSDoc.
